# Exam-Result-Query-Management

The development environment used in this project work “Development of an Online result display System for Public Secondary Schools educational Board” is HTML and PHP MyAdmin/MYSQL database. HTML was used to create the interfaces, the forms and the logins. It enables a formal presentation of the PHP code to the web and facilitates the creation of web-pages. MYSQL server is web- based database software that allows a multi-user access. The minimum attributes of a system required to run the package on a localhost are; Windows XP operating system, 100GB data space, 1GB memory space, Any of these browsers can run the system; Google Chrome (most preferred for this application), UC Browser, Opera, Mozilla Firefox, Internet Explorer and so on, Windows 7 or any higher Windows OS for systems running Windows Operating System.

The choice of programming language used depends on the suitability of the language attributes to the scope and usage of the system developed. PHP is a scripting language. It facilitates the development of a web-based program and creation of web-pages. The WAMP server has some sets of scripts, logs, SQL manager and PHP code that enable communication between the MYSQL database and HTML. The system developed is an online system that allows multi usage. The WampServer enables data to be shared among users online and secures the data from the various users. The cascading style sheet (CSS) formats the presentation of a web page to the end-user
